Instructions To Setting Up Exponential Profit 
Multiplier 
Thank you for ordering a resale rights license to The "Exponential Profit 
Multiplier". 
You are welcome to use the included website to resell this product as it is, however keep in mind that there 
are other resellers offering this same product! 
To make your website stand out consider re-working the sales letter or have your own custom graphics 
created to make your site unique. 
Getting Started
To re-brand the "Exponential Profit Multiplier" website open it in an HTML editor and change the bolded 
purple text that says "your name" to what ever your name actually is, and change the text color from 
purple back to black. 
If you do not have an HTML editor you can get a free one by going to this link : 
http://www.nvu.com/index.php
Also be sure to add your support email address or a link to your help desk if you have one to the download 
pages. 
Be sure you edit all of the bolded purple text, leaving any of this text as it is will give your new website an 
amateurish look, so be sure you do not miss any of the pink editing text! 
Important: Do not forget to hook up the download and purchase buttons to your payment processor on 
the index.html page and then have your payment processor return your buyers to the proper thank you 
pages. 
Change yourdomain to what ever your domain name actually is for your website. 
IMPORTANT:
Leave all the files and page names as they are so the site and all the downloads will work properly. 
Upload all files & folders to your website as follows
images
index.html - this file requires editing. 
expm.zip
Upload the expm.zip file as is, your customer will be able to edit their new site just as you are now with no 
problems. There is no need for you to make any changes to this zip file before you upload it. 
I have included the ready to go software file, and have also included the full website as your rights allow 
you to claim yourself as the author, you can now resell the script, or resell the rights.. Anything goes! Installing The Exponential Profit Multiplier Script 
Unzip all the files in expm.zip into a folder in your PC 
Upload all the files in this folder to your server 
Using your favorite FTP software set permission to:
• /Script_Directory_folder/ -777 
• setup.php - 777 
• setup.tpl.php - 777 
• installer.php - 777 
Run your browser to http://www.yourdomain.com/expm_directory/installer.php
Once you have completed the installation you may delete installer.php for security reasons. 
To match your existing website open up recepm.php in your favorite HTML editor to customize according 
to your needs. 
Running Exponential Profit Multiplier 
To let your visitors start referring their friends to your website, make a link to: 
http://www.yourdomain.com/expm_directory/recepm.php
Sit back, relax and enjoy the torrential influx of viral traffic to your website!
 
Reseller Resources Reseller Resources 
 
